.\"
.\" gtrm.1 -- this file is the short manual page for the GNU trm.
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2006 Efstathios Chatzikyriakidis (stathis.chatzikyriakidis@gmail.com)
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
.\"
.TH GTRM "1" "November 2006" "gtrm 0.1" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
gtrm \- manual page for GNU terminal random message.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gtrm
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The GNU trm is a program which prints a random message
each time you run it. Also, it supports useful options.
.TP
You can use only \fBascii\fR files.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-i, \-\-input `\fBfile\fR'
Read data from `\fBfile\fR'. Default is: `stdin' or environment variable: `\fBGTRM_INPUT\fR'.
.TP
\-o, \-\-output `\fBfile\fR'
Write data to `\fBfile\fR'. Default is: `stdout' or environment variable: `\fBGTRM_OUTPUT\fR'.
.TP
\-r, \-\-high\-randomness
High quality randomness.
Use `\fB/dev/random\fR'. Default is: `\fB/dev/urandom\fR'.
.TP
\-v, \-\-verbose
Explain what is being done.
.TP
\-a, \-\-again `\fBvalue\fR'
How many random messages do you want?
.TP
\-\-help, \-\-usage
Display a short help and exit.
.TP
\-\-version
Print version information and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Efstathios Chatzikyriakidis.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bug-gnu-trm@gnu.org>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2006 Efstathios Chatzikyriakidis (stathis.chatzikyriakidis@gmail.com)

This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B gtrm
is maintained as a Texinfo manual. If the
.B info
and
.B gtrm
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info gtrm
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
