\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c  gtrm.texi -- this file is the texinfo manual page for GNU trm.
@c  
@c  Copyright (C) 2006 Efstathios Chatzikyriakidis (stathis.chatzikyriakidis@gmail.com)
@c  
@c  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
@c  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
@c  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
@c  (at your option) any later version.
@c  
@c  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
@c  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
@c  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
@c  GNU General Public License for more details.
@c  
@c  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
@c  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
@c  Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA

@c %**start of header
@setfilename gtrm.info
@include     sets.texi
@settitle    GNU trm Manual @value{manual-version}
@c %**end of header

@copying
This file documents the GNU trm program (version @value{gtrm-version},
@value{last-update}).

Copyright @copyright{} 2006 Efstathios Chatzikyriakidis (contact@@efxa.org)

@quotation
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifinfo
@dircategory Utilities
@direntry
* gtrm: (gtrm).         GNU terminal random message.
@end direntry
@end ifinfo

@ifhtml
@documentdescription
GNU trm, GNU terminal random message, GNU trm manual page
@end documentdescription
@end ifhtml

@titlepage
@title GNU trm Manual @value{manual-version}
@subtitle for @command{gtrm}, version @value{gtrm-version}, @value{last-update}.
@author @value{author-name} (@email{@value{author-email}}).

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage
     
@shortcontents
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top, Instructions, (dir), (dir)
@top GNU terminal random message Manual @value{manual-version}

@insertcopying

@menu
* Instructions::        How to read this manual.
* Copying::             How you can copy and share @command{gtrm}.
* Overview::            Preliminary information.
* Invoking gtrm::       How to run @command{gtrm}.
* Problems::            Reporting bugs.
* Concept Index::       Index of concepts.
@end menu
@end ifnottex

@node Instructions, Copying, Top, Top
@unnumbered How to read this manual
@cindex How to read

@indent
To read this manual, begin at the beginning, reading from left to
right and top to bottom, until you get to the end. Then stop. You
may pause for a beer anywhere in the middle as well, if you wish.

(Please note, however, that The King strongly advises against heavy
use of prescription pharmaceuticals, based on his extensive personal
and professional experience.)

@node Copying, Overview, Instructions, Top
@include gpl.texi

@node Overview, Invoking gtrm, Copying, Top
@unnumbered Overview

@indent
The GNU trm is a program which prints a random message
each time you run it. Also, it supports some options.

@cindex Ascii files
You can use @emph{only} ascii files.

GNU trm is @strong{protected} by the GNU General Public License.

@xref{Copying, , GNU General Public License}.

GNU trm was written by @value{author-name}.

@node Invoking gtrm, Problems, Overview, Top
@unnumbered Invoking @command{gtrm}
@cindex Command options

The format for running the @command{gtrm} program is:

@samp{gtrm [@var{options}]}

@noindent
The @command{gtrm} program supports the following options:

@table @option
@cindex @option{--input}
@item --input `file'
@itemx -i
Read data from `file'.
Default is: `stdin' or environment variable: `GTRM_INPUT'.

@cindex @option{--output}
@item --output `file'
@itemx -o
Write data to `file'.
Default is: `stdout' or environment variable: `GTRM_OUTPUT'.

@cindex @option{--high-randomness}
@item --high-randomness
@itemx -r
High quality randomness.
Use `/dev/random'. Default is: `/dev/urandom'.

@cindex @option{--verbose}
@item --verbose
@itemx -v
Explain what is being done.

@cindex @option{--again}
@item --again `value'
@itemx -a
How many random messages do you want?

@cindex @option{--help}
@item --help
Display a short help and exit.

@cindex @option{--usage}
@item --usage
Same as @option{--help} option.

@cindex @option{--version}
@item --version
Print version information and exit.
@end table

@node Problems, Concept Index, Invoking gtrm, Top
@unnumbered Reporting Bugs
@cindex Reporting bugs

If you find a bug in GNU trm, please send electronic mail to:

@samp{@email{@value{gtrm-report-bugs}}}

@ifinfo
@example
   ,           ,
  /             \
 ((__-^^-,-^^-__))
  `-_---' `---_-'
   `--|o` 'o|--'
      \  `  /      GNU wants freedom.
       ): :(
       :o_o:
        "-"
@end example
@end ifinfo

@node Concept Index, , Problems, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index
@cindex Tail recursion

@printindex cp

@bye
